Add timestamps for video 12: Michael-Zhenyu Media Mix Modelling (#40)
pymc-devs/video-timestamps: videos-list/12-michael-zhenyu.md

- Model applications

## Timestamps
0:00 Introduction and outline of presentation
1:16 Marketing at HelloFresh (funnels, conversion, channels)
2:40 Measuring the effectiveness of marketing

> 5:00 What is Media Mix Modelling?
> 6:20 Structure of a Media Mix Model
> 7:51 Transformation functions (Reach function and Adstock function)
> 10:53 Benefits of using bayesian methods to build a Media Mix Model
> 13:07 Hellofresh's Media Mix Model structure
> 19:46 Geometric Adstock Function
> 20:54 Nonlinear Saturation Function
> 21:16 The bayesian MMM workflow
> 22:39 Applications of HelloFresh's Media Mix Model
> 26:41 Constrained optimization algorithm
> 29:18 Thank you!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
05:00 What is Media Mix Modelling? Multivariate regression model
06:20 Structure of a Media Mix Model
07:51 Transformation functions (Reach function and Adstock function)
10:53 Benefits of using Bayesian methods to build a Media Mix Model
13:07 HelloFresh's Media Mix Model structure
19:46 Geometric Adstock Function
20:54 Nonlinear Saturation Function
21:16 The Bayesian MMM workflow
22:39 Applications of HelloFresh's Media Mix Model
26:41 Constrained optimization algorithm
29:18 Thank you!
```
